Update of the HSF Affiliation programme based on SG and community discussions (#1918)
HSF/hsf.github.io: projects/affiliated.md

In practice it is a good idea to copy the template and adapt to one's particular case
(the target Tier, the relevant programming language, etc.).

### Duration of the Affiliation

Following the conclusion of the evaluation, affiliation is assumed to remain valid for a period of 5 years,

> at which point an iteration of the evaluation will be done to confirm continuation of the affiliation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at which point the evaluation will be reviewed be done to confirm continuation of the affiliation.
```
